add more details and examples to the introduction (#2171)
exercism/go: concepts/strings/introduction.md

A `string` literal is a sequence of bytes enclosed in double quotes:

```go
firstName := "Jane"
```

Strings can be concatenated via the `+` operator:

```go
fullName := "Jane" + " " + "Austen" // fullName = "Jane Austen"
```

> Some special characters need to be escaped with a leading backslash, such as `\b` for Backspace and `\n` for new lines in strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some special characters need to be escaped with a leading backslash, such as `\t` for a tab and `\n` for a new line in strings.

```

Tabs are a more common special character than backspaces, so it makes for a better example.

```go

> Dialogue := "How is the weather today?\nIt's sunny"  
> 
> 
> // Dialogue = "How is the weather today?
> // It's sunny"  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dialogue := "How is the weather today?\nIt's sunny"  
// "How is the weather today?
// It's sunny"  
```
